nobody can make a mistake look here we
we separate a section that tv between this and
I put the tv inter placed, right?
on the international website the speech of the
argentino d'alessandro immediately
after the rout on Sunday night in
inside the locker room and therefore
immediately after the achievement of the
state title or followed but the ii
day for me the law and I special there was the
people not only from Brazil you know this
did not come to me, what do you do with
that you forget everything that is best so
will not take place and nowadays it will not
much bigger
Brazil today has a little hurt today.
take us out of here we get
focus on the good duel for what is not
will
It's a dance management class.
pressure management is a time of
shiver where another has to leave his own
international guild and I approach today in
column I wrote in the metro newspaper at
Wednesday I think I missed the
I also think it's annoying.
no connotation is of orientation
make this clear I think
a man lacking the style of the
only has a big hair that has this
personality and a technician with fidele
example of felipe until an ok also the
but the intertem has
d'alessandro how had fernandão
when the felipão's guild had a
and had had others that the
they supported as adilson as danrlei as
rivarola and I think this fiber is missing
inside the locker room was spent as
manager and the great manager who
do you know that the leaderships are given
for some different reasons
the decree almost always does not work
jesus the leaders give themselves for reasons
of quality for psychiatric reasons and the
has the good fortune to bring together
the main points that lead to
someone's leadership a leader of the
he is the technical leader and the
leader is also the
technical reference is an ai ai ai ai who
inspire those who mirror the
d'alessandro giving this speech is the
Face has to lower his head.
who looks at own mural and saw
d'alessandro levando is raising
bowls seven years in English we pray
Daniel and give two pat on the
cup and said look here again and there
what I see up to accept and
But I already wanted a reaction.
immediate
I did not see an indignant the guild did not
indignant the guild did not see I did not see the
grêmio leaves the game gives you face to defeat
knows and feels shame in his face and he
he did not hit he hit and hit not
We felt we expect in 8 fathom
access to manga
Mrs. nothing happened not
For me, this is taken for granted.
this gesture I consider that this is a
symptomatic gesture his speech the
clear coach is part of football and
nothing happened we saw how we
saw d'alessandro screaming in the locker room
with the conquest there was no one from the
crying in the locker room with the
defeat to the Togolese team was the lady
a great player a great player phil
d'alessandro passed she's right he told me
asked his profit rose from the stock had in the
this guild nal gre I would go to the locker room
give a speech to revive the group
for this the guild the guild the guild
besides not having this figure he I do not
I know how many gauchos they will have in the
guild so the team knows that changed a
few references, how do I have it?
a lot of outsiders but I do not know only 2010
It's already been a long time since he
Do you know what village things are like?
so he already knows how it works
together with the reference in our
If find it interesting that he
achieved this leadership during the
their time did not arrive smiling him
was not placed as leader as a decree
game between science and captain
for a few years yes but he was
growing
he was struck by the leadership
important players came out in the middle of
2010 and moved away and is a reference
technique where the play itself
Arrival video of him on the list to be
about the oldest player on the
grelo marcelo grohe who does not have this
name is more difficult if you have a
group game a face that
I had a considerable time, I do not
would have stood out could he
I would know what an example is the
The palm fronds were strange weather
Do you know where he went from Sao Paulo?
as he will want the dunga he does not
only the italian team 's goal I'm going to pick up
the example
this does not always know the reference
technique will be the lead gives the example
but it's easier 94 cup
the technical reference romario the leadership
of the group the 70 carlo bertolini and
finally the team sometimes are sometimes
I feel your crack does not have the spirit of
office football books much more and
This makes it easy and I'm
first video that the international
posted here at the time was released by
press on d'alessandro arrival
alecsandro entering the area after the
signing of contract in the locker room
greeting one by one and had a
different player profile
already in that attitude he already in the arrival in the
first lyre act and I think that with
the time was to contribute it can be